movies in short here today we'll discuss
a 2017 sci-fi action movie called blade
runner 2049
sit back relax and enjoy the story opens
in 2049 30 years after the events of the
first film an on-screen text states that
the tyrol corporation has collapsed
decades before in the wake of violent
revolts involving their nexus 6 through
8 replicants forcing the company into
bankruptcy the replicants were humanoid
robots designed by the tyrol corporation
to be used for slave labor due to their
enhanced strength after the world's
ecosystems collapsed in the mid-2020s
famine swept the earth killing millions
with his invention of synthetic farming
a wealthy businessman named ninder
wallace ended food shortages and
acquired tyrell's remaining assets to
form his own corporation
some replicants became dangerous and
were sent off world the wallace company
has reinvigorated the replicant industry
by mass producing the nexus nine
replicants a new generation of
artificial humans with modified behavior
to make them more obedient than the
older models while they are still used
for slave labor some are also used as
blade runner units hunting down and
retiring the few remaining older model
replicants that are still at large in
the opening scene agent k one of these
nexus nine replicants travels to a
protein farm outside los angeles in his
flying spinner vehicle where he has
tracked down an older model replicant
called sapper morton who was part of a
group of series 8 replicants that had
gone awol after a brief but violent
fight morton tells him that as a newer
model k cannot come close to knowing
what it means to be human he implies
that k would never help humans kill his
own kind if he had ever witnessed the
kind of miracle that he has
kay retires him is ready to leave when
he notices a flower placed beside a dead
tree in the desolate landscape next to
the farm this prompts him to thoroughly
scan the area which reveals a chest
buried under the ground he requests his
office to send a forensic team to
unearth it kate returns to the lapd
office where he undergoes a standard
baseline test for replicants and passes
it he then goes home to his apartment in
a city area of town
he spends his time at home with a
holographic woman named joy a futuristic
form of ai and has apparently formed a
deep bond with her despite the fact that
they cannot physically interact for this
reason he has bought her a mobile
hologram projector which allows him to
free her program from its home-based
console he can now take joy outside on
the top of his apartment building in the
pouring rain and it also allows her
program to touch objects
joy is extremely happy but k is called
back to the station before they can
experiment with joy's new capabilities
any further downtown the forensics team
has discovered that the chest contains a
human skeleton and a lock of hair
they belong to a female who most likely
had complications during childbirth 30
years before
superficial cuts in the bones suggest an
emergency cesarean section as the cause
of death upon closer inspection k
locates a serial number engraved on one
of the woman's bones indicating that the
skeleton wasn't from a human but a
replicant female the identification
causes quite a stir since replicants
were previously unable to reproduce k
superior lieutenant joshi reminds him
that if the public knew that the line
between humans and replicants is
blurring or disappearing altogether it
would tear apart what remains of
civilization she commands the team to
destroy the evidence and orders k to
burn down the farm track down the
replicant child and retire it despite
the mixed feelings he may have about
retiring something that was born and has
a soul
before leaving kate takes some of the
female replicants hair key goes to the
wallace company to inquire about the
serial number and hair of the female
replica
it is housed in the old tyrell pyramid
although now much more austerely lit a
clerk tells him that the number belongs
to an older model replicant information
may be hard to find given the fact that
an emp event called the blackout in 2022
destroyed almost every digital file the
company had before that date all that
remains is some raw hard copy data
fortunately there appears to be
something left kay is helped by a
replicant woman called love who gives
him access to what appears to be an old
memory file containing an audio
recording it belonged to an experimental
replica named rachel who went missing 30
years before she can be heard talking to
a blade runner called rick deckard kate
detects a very strong connection between
the two
love thanks k for finally being able to
close the case on rachel kate does some
research on deckard and finds his old
colleague gaff who is now living in a
retirement home
gaff tells him that deckard and rachel
fell in love and eloped kaye asks if
gaff knew that deckard would one day
leave society gaff confirms saying that
there was something in deckard's eyes
that told him he was finished hunting
replicants love reports what she has
learned to wallace who is blind but can
see with the help of small drones he is
just witnessing the activation of a new
female replica he seems sympathetic to
his creation yet he also carelessly
slashes the woman's abdomen apparently
frustrated by the fact that she cannot
bear children he laments that humanity
has only founded less than 10 off-world
colonies in order to spread out much
more replicants will be necessary the
only way he can meet the ever-growing
demand for more replicants is to
engineer specimens who can procreate
tyrell obviously learned how to do this
but his records were destroyed in the
blackout the only way to learn tyrell's
secrets is to find rachel's child he
commands love who is emotionally shaken
by his actions but remains obedient to
obtain rachel's remains and follow kay
to locate the child meanwhile kaye is
walking through the city's entertainment
district to buy dinner where a
mysteriously cloaked woman commands
three replicant prostitutes to find out
what he knows one of them mariette tries
to seduce him for sex but noticing he
carries a holographic projector she
figures that he is not into real girls
and leaves in the meantime love has
entered the police station to retrieve
rachel's remains coldly killing the
forensic agent who discovers her doing
it kate returns to sapper's farm and
locates a baby sock and a picture of
another woman holding the baby implying
that sapper and several other replicants
have been protecting rachel's secret for
decades he also finds a date carved into
the bottom of the tree june 10 2021
which visibly upsets him he burns the
farm and returns to la reporting his
findings to joshi she tells him about
the disappearance of rachel's remains
and asks him about his most precious
childhood memory even though he knows
that it must be an implanted one k says
that he clearly remembers being chased
through an old factory by a group of
other boys they wanted to take away his
wooden carving of a horse so he hid it
inside an old furnace kate remembers
that the horse had a date on it the
exact same day carved into the rock a
fact that he doesn't share with joshi
joshi suggests he try the dna bank to
identify the child assuming that the
date carved in the tree and the horse is
meant to be a date of birth k starts to
dig into the dna bank to find someone
born on june 10 2021
again only raw data remains but he finds
records of two children born that day a
boy and a girl they have the same dna
which is an impossibility only identical
twins have the same dna and they should
be of the same gender so k suspects that
one has been copied from the other the
dna data came from an orphanage outside
the city the girl later died from a
genetic disease so k theorizes that the
boy may have been hidden by the
replicants in the orphanage which is in
the ruins of san diego he travels there
in his spinner but is shot down by a
tribe of feral scavengers who live among
the ruins of a massive old shipbreaking
yard they try to attack him but love who
is keeping an eye on him from above
through remote camera surveillance uses
precision bombs to repel them after
repairing the damage to a spinner k
proceeds to the orphanage an old
abandoned section of a ship where he
meets the caretaker he coerces the man
into showing him the old administrative
files but finds that the sections he is
looking for have been completely torn
out while exiting he notices how
familiar the surroundings feel to him he
walks deeper into the ship section and
is shocked to find the location in the
furnace from his memory the wooden horse
is still hidden inside it not knowing
what to make of the revelation he
returns home
joy is convinced that this means that
his childhood memory is real and k is
rachel's son suggesting he was born
instead of manufactured and that he has
a soul as opposed to other replicants
who are thought to be soulless and thus
inferior to humans she thinks he
deserves a human name and starts to call
him joe kay is still not convinced that
the memory is real so joy suggests that
he should contact an expert on implanted
memories k arrives at the lab of dr anna
stellen who designs memory implants for
wallace's replicants dr stell line is
happy to see someone being kept inside a
dome at all times since she suffers from
a compromised immune system and can't be
exposed to other people her parents left
earth for one of the off-world colonies
but she wasn't allowed to come along
because of her disease her youth was
lonely but this caused her imagination
to flourish making her one of the best
creators of artificial memories kay asks
how fake memories can be discerned from
real ones dr stellen says that fake
memories tend to be too detailed since
real memories are messy as they tend to
reflect an emotional rather than a
photographic recollection but a good
fabricated memory always contains
something personal of the maker kay asks
her to take a look at his memory and
give her thoughts a special device
allows dr stell line to see the memory
in his head overcome by emotion she says
the memory is real kay leaves in a fit
of anger
as he goes outside he is apprehended by
the police kay is confronted by an anger
joshi for failing his baseline test
which may mean that he is going to be
retired
joshi suspends k before he lies to her
and says that his mission to retire the
child has been completed going home he
finds marriott in his room joy reassures
him that this is her doing because she
needs marriott for something she
synchronizes her holographic program
with mariette so she is able to steer
marriott's body and make love decay the
next morning kay seems to feel awkward
about the unexpected threesome mariette
places a tracking device in casco joy
tells her to leave marriott scoffs that
having been inside joy's consciousness
she noticed that not much was there
showing that replicants are not above
feelings of superiority either k tells
joy that people will be coming for him
joy insists on coming with him so that
she cannot reveal what she knows kaye's
reluctance transferring her to the
mobile projector would put her at risk
of being lost if the projector is
damaged but ultimately accepts she
instructs him to destroy the antenna in
the projector so that she cannot be
moved to another device and remove any
chance of tracking it
love who is monitoring the position of
the projector is no longer able to track
k love arrives at the station asking
joshi to cooperate and tell her where k
is joshi refuses even when love's
initially friendly disposition changes
drastically she tortures joshi for
information but to no avail so love
kills her and uses her computer to find
and locate k k has taken the wooden
horse to a specialist doc badger who
finds traces of radioactive tritium in
the wood they deduce that there is only
one area nearby that can account for the
type of wood in such high radiation
readings kate leaves the city taking
care not to be noticed although love is
unknowingly tracking him k arrives in
the abandoned ruins of las vegas and
enters a deserted hotel slash casino
judging by the booby traps he figures he
is in the right place
it doesn't take long for deckard to show
himself keeping k at gunpoint in the
supposition that k is there to kill him
they fight for a while before deckard
becomes convinced that kay is only there
for answers he confirms that rachel was
pregnant but has never seen the child
nor does he know its whereabouts deckard
was still actively hunted so out of love
for her and the child he left a still
pregnant rachel in the care of people
who could protect her hoping that his
ignorance was the best way to keep
everyone safe he taught the other
replicants how to tamper with birth
records and how to avoid capture after a
while deckard notices that someone has
entered the area convinced that k has
been followed they proceed to deckard
spinner to flee but a rocket grenade
destroys the spinner and incapacitates
both deckard and k
love enters with a few henchmen and
although k dispatches some of them love
fights back and badly injures him she
notices k's mobile projector and
destroys it effectively killing joy
decay's anguish leaving him for dead she
kidnaps deckard and takes him back to
wallace k's wounds are tended by a group
of replicants who have been tracking him
as well they include mariette and are
part of a replicant freedom movement
their leader freysa reveals how she was
there when rachel died in childbirth and
how her group of rebellious replicants
including sapper went to great lengths
to hide the baby as they saw the child
as a living miracle if replicants could
have children the human world could no
longer deny them their rights and
freedoms she confirms that the blackout
was their deliberate attempt to erase as
many digital files as possible in order
to protect the secret of how rachel was
able to have children and to prevent
everyone including the child from being
found kate tells her that he is rachel's
child but frieza tells him that the
child was a girl kay is confused and
asks how he could have a real memory of
rachel's offspring if he isn't her son
fraser answers enigmatically that this
is also part of the puzzle the memory of
the wooden horse was apparently
implanted in all other replicas and
became a unifying motivator for freedom
thinking back on all he has discovered
so far kate deduces that the memory must
have originated with dr anistel line
herself explaining her emotional
response to it and that she is rachel
and deckard's lost daughter the
replicants urge k to return to l.a
wallace will do anything to get clues
from deckard about the replicant
resistance movement if he succeeds he
may be able to create replicants with
reproductive capabilities thereby
creating a self-perpetuating army the
resistance wants this prevented at all
costs even if it means killing deckard k
finds himself back in la observing a
giant three-dimensional ad for the joy
hologram with great sorrow knowing that
the joy he loved is gone forever at the
wallace company deckard is brought to
wallace who shows him rachel's remains
calling it the lock and deckard the key
to unraveling the mystery of replicant
reproduction deckard maintains that he
has no idea who or where his child is
wallace insinuates that deckard's first
meeting with rachel was set up from the
beginning and that it was always the
intention that they would end up
together and reproduce he starts a
playback of the first conversation
between him and rachel which emotionally
affects deckard who still refuses to
cooperate wallace then tries to entice
him with something that he really covets
in exchange for information on how to
find fraser a woman walks in from the
shadows and she appears to be an exact
copy of rachel as she appeared to
deckard 30 years ago down to the
clothing and hairstyle she wore deckard
is shocked and moved but he ultimately
dismisses this rachel as a fake stating
that the real rachel's eyes were green
frustrated by his failure wallace
immediately has love execute the fake
rachel he orders love to take decker to
one of the off-world colonies where they
have the means to make him talk love
takes off with a handcuffed deckard in a
spinner with two escorting vehicles and
flies along the la shoreline kate
catches up using his spinner to destroy
the escorts and blow love's vehicle from
the sky forcing it to crash on the beach
kate lands next to it and after an
exchange of gunshots he gets into a
fight with love he receives severe
wounds from love's relentless punches
and knife and love leaves him for dead
she re-enters the vehicle trying to free
deckard from his cuffs as the spinner is
being dragged into the sea by tidal
waves but then k enters he fights with
love and pushes her down underwater with
all of his power finally drowning the
life out of her he manages to release
deckard just before the vehicle sinks
completely deckard says that he should
have let him die k states that he did
the world will believe that deckard went
down with the vehicle he takes decker to
dr stell line's office and tells him
that all his best memories are hers
deckard asks him why he did what he did
kay simply urges him to enter the office
deckard goes in and meets his
unsuspecting daughter who is enjoying a
cloud of artificial snow
the film concludes with kay lying down
on the steps outside slowly succumbing
to his wounds he looks at the real snow
falling down apparently at peace with a
party plate don't forget to subscribe
and turn on the notification bell if you
want to watch more videos like this
thanks and see you again soon
[Music]
you